 JEREMY LANKFORD 12116 South Pine Drive, Apt 312 ï Cincinnati (Sharonville), OH 45241 Phone: (614) 284- 5149 ï Email: jwlankford@gmail.com Information Technology Manager IT Manager | Senior Software Developer | AI/ML Engineer Professional Profile ∑ Over 25 Years of business solution integration experience, with the past 12 years specifically in front-end development using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript libraries. ∑ Expert knowledge of user experience and user interface concepts. ∑ Expert knowledge of web accessibility principles like WCAG and W3C guidelines. ∑ Strong work experience with SDLC processes. ∑ Strong knowledge of CICD Pipeline concepts and deliveries. ∑ Understanding of web application security principles and practices. ∑ Expert knowledge and significant project management experience using various project management styles such as agile, waterfall, scrum, and many more. ∑ Excellent business analysis skills set focusing on application, database, and report development for end users and management teams. ∑ Excellent team player, leader, and mentor to others. ∑ Self-motivated and driven to accomplish and meet project deadlines. Information Technology Skill Sets Programming Native JavaScript JavaScript Typescript HTML5 and Earlier CSS3 and Earlier Python Project Management Atlassian Tools (Jira, Bitbucket, Stash, Trello, Confluence) GitHub Actions, Issues Slack, Discord, Notion BaseCamp, Autodesk AzureDevOps - Boards Web Development Tools RESTful APIs UI/UX principles and guidelines Accessibility WCAG 2.1 Standards Unit Testing (Karma, Jest, Vitest, etc ) CICD Pipeline TDD Methodology HTML Templating Repo Management with several platforms such as Git, GitLab, Azure DevOps, etc. Responsive Web Design SCSS and other design libraries NPM, Yarn, and pNPM ESLint VS Code Various VS Code extensions AzureDevOps ñ Repos and Pipelines Client-Side Technologies React.js (Class and Functional) Angular jQuery Vue.js UX Design Element Plus Material-UI Prime NG UI Bootstrap Tailwind CSS Figma Python Libraries Tinkr, NumPy, Request, Django, Crispy Forms Professional Experience Freelancer, Independent Contractor, December 2023 ñ Present ∑ Developed applications using React, Django, and Angular ∑ Managed projects with Trello and Jira ∑ Integrate databases PostgreSQL and AWS DynamoDB to various web applications. ∑ Deployed and managed web applications and sites on AWS, Azure, and GCP. ∑ Utilize GitLab repositories. ∑ Utilized design pattern libraries Material UI, Bootstrap, and Tailwind CSS. ∑ Integrated Storybook as a documentation platform for developed applications. Software Engineer 2, Humana, Inc. , May 2025 ñ November 2025 ∑ Developed risk management software for the healthcare industry, utilizing Vue.js for front-end development. ∑ Integrated AI using Gemini, Claude, and OpenAI LLMs, development, and integration into the risk management software. ∑ Integrated Python API calls to enhance application functionality. ∑ Managed and queried data using SQL Server. ∑ Implemented UI elements with Element Plus and Material Design pattern libraries, ensuring a consistent and user-friendly interface. ∑ Performed unit testing using Vitest for robust Vue.js applications. ∑ Created and performed integration testing with Cypress. ∑ Applied knowledge of CI/CD pipelines and DevOps practices to streamline development workflows. ∑ Collaborated with the DevOps team to successfully deploy and maintain web applications in production environments. Senior Front-End Developer, Kalio Commerce, April 2023 ñ November 2023 ∑ Managed several e-commerce websites. ∑ Utilized the project management tool Basecamp for managing requests from clients. ∑ Performed ADA scans on all websites quarterly. ∑ Modified HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to make sites ADA-compliant. ∑ Followed WCAG 2.1 AA standards. ∑ Performed User Experience testing on all websites every quarter. ∑ Led various projects for clients, managing workflows and projects with Basecamp. ∑ Worked with C# and .NET codebase for backend form handlers and scripts. ∑ Managed workflows and projects with Basecamp. ∑ Mentored several junior developers in JavaScript and jQuery coding projects Software Engineer, Unlimited Systems, Inc, April 2022 ñ January 2023 ∑ Developed React.js components for Azure Cloud Applications. ∑ Develop payment integrations for Stripe payments. ∑ Utilize Azure Repo to manage code repositories. ∑ Use of Docker and Kubernetes containers for development. ∑ Healthcare patient portals for management of medical services and financials. ∑ Utilized Atlassian products (Jira, Confluence) to manage projects. ∑ Developed patient and clinic interfaces from Figma designs. ∑ Used Slack and Jira to manage various projects ∑ Integrated Tailwind CSS as a design pattern library for an Oncology patient portal. Front End Web Developer, Winsupply, Inc. , February 2021-April 2022 ∑ Developed several web applications using the Angular platform. ∑ Managed internal Finance IT applications based on the .Net framework. ∑ Utilize GitHub and Jenkins to deploy web applications. ∑ Utilized Atlassian products (Jira, Confluence) to manage various projects. ∑ Received Cherwell IT Tickets to fix bugs reported by the business. ∑ Developed UX Design Patterns for various web applications for the Finance Department. ∑ Mentored and led junior developers in finance application development in Angular. Front End Web Developer, Victoriaís Secret, LBrands, Inc, December 2014 ñ December 2020 ∑ Developed JavaScript components for eCommerce shop pages, producing a modern, performant website. ∑ Wrote unit testing with Jasmine and Karma for stable, bug-free code. ∑ Managed code with Git repos by developing code branches, reviewing pull requests, and automatically deploying to production for a solid, functional eCommerce platform. ∑ Followed guidelines for WCAG 2.1 to ensure legal policy and stay compliant. ∑ Managed website styles through SCSS technology and organized stylesheets, gaining a better orderly web design. ∑ Utilized Atlassian products (Jira, Bitbucket, Confluence) to manage projects. ∑ Worked with several proprietary JavaScript frameworks, implementing API Contracts, component development, HTML templates, and elements. ∑ Led various project teams, from 5 to 20 people, for web feature projects. ∑ Mentored junior developers in projects moving from custom vanilla JavaScript to React for various Victoriaís Secret websites and components. Education ∑ Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, Purdue University Global , November 2024 o Concentration in Software Development with Python ∑ Master of Business Administration (MBA), Southern New Hampshire University , June 2026 o Concentration in Information Technology Management Other Education and Certificates ∑ Front-End Developer Professional Certificate, Meta , January 2023 ∑ IT Automation with Python Professional Certificate, Google , March 2024 ∑ Project Management Professional Certificate, Google, May 2024 ∑ Wharton School of Business, Business Foundation Certificate, University of Pennsylvania, October 2024 ∑ Wharton School of Business, Achieving Personal and Professional Success Certificate, University of Pennsylvania, October 2024 ∑ Microsoft AI &amp; ML Engineering Professional Certificate, Currently Enrolled, Expected Graduation June 2026 
